# ONLINE PURCHASE TERMS & CONDITIONS

Welcome to Smartcam Electronic Solution.in order to purchase in our online
E-Commerce website at https://smartcam-electronic.com.kh you agree to comply
with and be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms”).Please read
these Terms carefully and thanks for spending your time to read this.

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

By using our Site, you signify your acceptance of these Terms and our Privacy
Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms, **please do not use our Site** .

## 2. Changes to Terms

Smartcam Electronic Solution reserves the right to modify these Terms at any
time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on this Site. Your
continued use of the Site following the posting of changes constitutes your
acceptance of such changes.

## 3. Use of the Site

You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in a manner that does not
infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this
Site by any third party. Prohibited behavior includes, harassment, causing
distress or inconvenience, and impersonating any person or entity.

## 4. Product Information

Smartcam Electronic Solution strives to provide accurate and up-to-date
information regarding our products and services. However, we do not warrant that
the descriptions, prices, or availability of any products are accurate,
complete, reliable, current, or error-free. We reserve the right to correct any
errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any
time without prior notice.

## 5. Orders and Payments

All orders placed through the website are accepted by Smartcam Electronic
Solution. We accept Cash on Delivery or Bank Transfer. after received the
confirmation our service team will contact to you for detail required and
process your order and delivery. it take 1-2 days or faster if our delivery team
available to delivery your order.

## 6. Shipping and Delivery

Shipping and Delivery : Smartcam Electronic Solution

- will delivery latest 1-2 days or faster if our delivery team available after
  received the payment.
- Free of Charge in Phnom Penh.

## 7. Returns and Refunds

Our return policy allows for product returns for replacement with equal price or
same price within 7days after ordered but the goods is in the box (unused) and
still in good condiction. and we process to return in 7 working days.

Our refund policy allows for product refund in the day of order and we will
charge 20% of the totall amount . and we process the payment back in 7 working
days.

Our Cancel Policy allows for product cancel in the day of order and not delivery
yet. and we will charge 10% of the totall amount. and we process the payment
back in 7 working days.

For any questions regarding these Terms, please contact us at
[info@smartcam-group.com].

By using our Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to
be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Thank you for choosing Smartcam
Electronic Solution.
